[WHOOSH]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[THEME MUSIC]
>> GEORGE NOORY: Welcome
to "Cosmic Disclosure."
I'm your host, George Noory,
and I'm here with Emery Smith.
Time travel technologies--
do they exist?
And if so, how are
they being used?
Emery, welcome back.
>> EMERY SMITH: Thanks
for having me, George.
>> GEORGE: Time
travel technologies--
exactly what is it?
And what's involved with it?
>> SMITH: Well, what they're
trying to do and replicate is
portal technology that they
have discovered from an earthly
origin a very,
very long time ago.
And there is a connection
between this type
of traveling that also
affects time and space.
So they are trying to actually
replicate that, and make that
into electronics, and make
a synthetic version of this.
And they have.
They have actually done this.
They have not perfected it yet.
>> GEORGE: Now,
when you say "they,"
who are we talking about?
>> SMITH: We're talking about
the compartmentalized projects
that the security is only run
by the military but the project
itself could be owned by
major corporations that are
clandestine that get funded
by the governments around
the world to make other
technologies for them,
whether it be for wartime,
peacetime, or pharmaceutical.
So these monies that are made
from these smaller projects
that they're doing funds
their secret projects,
such as time travel
and things like this.
>> GEORGE: So
specifically, Emery,
how does time travel work?
Because we hear
all kinds of things
and all kinds of possibilities.
>> SMITH: Well, the first thing
you need is a lot of energy,
number one.
A lot of the side effects
of these zero-point energy
overunity devices create this
type of rip in time and space.
And it has to do with infolding
space on itself, actually,
and opening up the space
within time right here
in front of you, because
that right there is
how our extraterrestrials
actually
travel through the universe
and interdimensionally.
They're creating their own field
of energy, number one, which
is their own gravitational
field that they sit in.
That's why they can do
these billion mile an hour
right-hand turns
and nothing happens
to them, because they're
in their own field.
And by putting energy
and focusing it
in front of these
craft, they can actually
open up interdimensionally
a space rift in time
and go through it.
And that's why they
sometimes just--
poof-- disappear in space.
>> GEORGE: Do they have
a dial on any apparatus,
and they could click to 3015,
and poof, you'll show up there?
>> SMITH: Well, it's
kind of like that,
but it's called consciousness
assisted technology.
And it's all done with
their consciousness.
The craft also are
integrated with the beings.
Some of them are actually
grown, these craft,
and they are matched to
the DNA of the pilot.
So all the pilot
has to do is think
of that dial turning to 350,
whatever, degrees, and poof!
They're gone.
>> GEORGE: There they are.
>> SMITH: Yep.
>> GEORGE: The more and
more I watch you on "Cosmic
Disclosure," I hear new
information that just boggles
my mind.
In this particular
case, how do they
use this kind of technology?
>> SMITH: Well, what they're
doing is-- like I said,
time is a very sensitive
subject with the physicists
and the scientists around
the world that are not part
of the clandestine projects,
because it's a hard thing
to grasp, because time
really doesn't exist.
And what's going on is there's
multiple levels of time
right now and multiple
different types of realities
and dimensions.
So there is a
dimension right now,
just within a
different frequency
right now, where you
are here, and I'm here,
and it's just a
little bit different.
Maybe these coffee cups are
not here or the cameras.
Or it might be some
different people.
Because there's many
different levels.
The hardest thing to explain
is that time is irrelevant,
because you are already here
everywhere, all the time, which
means--
I know it sounds confusing.
>> GEORGE: But don't go back
and see your grandfather, right?
>> SMITH: Right.
And that's a big question I get.
Like, what if you go back in
time and you did something?
Well, you just created
another time reality.
So that's another space of time.
But you're still where
you're at right now.
And if you think you can go
back, and remove the coffee
mug, and then all of a
sudden it's not there,
it doesn't work that way at all.
>> GEORGE: I mean, if you
wanted to go back into time,
and do away with Hitler,
and prevent World War II,
and the Holocaust, and all
that horror that he created,
what would happen if
you went back into time,
took care of him,
got rid of him?
And what would the
consequences be?
>> SMITH: Consequences
would not affect you,
because in this reality,
that never happened.
>> GEORGE: Interesting.
But would there be a
reality somewhere--
>> SMITH: There is.
>> GEORGE: --where
it did happen?
>> SMITH: Correct.
>> GEORGE: And what
would happen there?
>> SMITH: Well, it's
what's happening right now.
That's the paradigm
here, is trying
to put all that
together, saying, OK,
there are multiple
dimensional realities,
and there's multiple
different types of time zones
that we are all part of.
We are interdimensional
multiple-dimension beings.
And that's where frequency
comes in with DNA, and genetics,
and how we affect other
worlds and other places
in the universe, where the
light we see from the stars
today, that star
might already be out.
But because of this
distance and time continuum,
we don't really think about
that and realize that.
>> GEORGE: What if there
are other universes,
the multiverse exists--
>> SMITH: Oh, right.
>> GEORGE: --would different
time things occur in those
different universes?
>> SMITH: Right, exactly.
I get that question a lot too.
So the different universes
have another George
and another Emery there.
And at this time,
you have to realize
that it's a whole other timeline
that we're part of but we're
not because we're here.
That is the best
way I could put it.
>> GEORGE: These programs--
I'll call them the
"time programs"--
>> SMITH: Sure.
>> GEORGE: --were you involved
with them specifically?
And if so, what did you do?
>> SMITH: Well, there was a
program I was involved with
where they were using a
special type of Teslatron unit,
where we would take a watch in
with us in this small hexagon
room and spend supposedly
55 minutes in there.
And I remember the
first time after working
with this project for
many years to even become
one of the people to go into
it that you have two watches.
And you put one in
your locker room.
You lock it up.
You take the other one
with you into this device.
And the first time,
after waiting two years
to get into it,
I was so thankful
that I was finally able to get
the proper security clearance
and to get into this device.
And going into this
device, as they ramp it up,
I remember hearing
after just 15 minutes
this knock at the door
saying, OK, Smith, you
can come out now.
We're done.
Because I heard the
system ramp up and--
>> GEORGE: You probably were in
there nine years, and never--
didn't know it, right?
>> SMITH: Well, exactly.
I was in there for a whole hour.
And I had no idea.
So I got--
>> GEORGE: What
did it feel like?
>> SMITH: When I came
out, I was so upset.
I was so distraught,
saying, man, what happened?
Did the system
have a malfunction?
And then all the scientists
are looking at each other,
and they're all over a
hundred years of age.
And they're laughing.
And they said, oh, didn't
you check your watch
in your locker?
And I said, no.
So I missed a good
30, 45 minutes.
>> GEORGE: And
didn't even know it.
>> SMITH: And I did not know
it, because the 15 minutes I was
in there, really, I felt--
it was an amazing experience.
You can see the universe.
You could see space.
You could-- it actually detoxes
you and teletransports toxins
out of your body.
Sometimes people lose up
to 15 pounds on these trips
that they go in there.
>> GEORGE: In one sitting?
>> SMITH: In one
sitting, in 55 minutes.
And I always asked,
where does that go?
Because I still had the
same hydration when they did
the blood test.
And I'm not dehydrated,
but yet, all
the horrible negative
ionic bacteria,
viruses, and metals in
my body were taken out.
So people that are really
toxic that go in there, really
a lot of the stuff gets--
>> GEORGE: They
come back healthy.
>> SMITH: Right, they
come back very healthy.
It's used to treat cancers
for the elites of the world.
Even our presidents
have been there.
>> GEORGE: What's the
machine look like, Emery?
>> SMITH: It's a hexagon room.
And inside the hexagon
room is a glass wall.
The hexagon room is only
about eight feet in diameter.
>> GEORGE: So it's small.
>> SMITH: So it can only
fit a small massage table
that's in there.
And three feet beyond
the massage table
is a three-inch glass
or Plexiglas wall.
And behind that is this
giant Teslatron unit.
And it amps up this amazing
electromagnetic frequency,
where it rips time
and space apart.
A lot of side effects of
zero-point energy devices
do this.
And a lot of scientists,
including Tesla,
have witnessed this
and wrote this down,
that there's some field,
this sphere that forms,
which has happened to me in my
laboratories, where the time is
getting distorted for a moment.
>> GEORGE: Sure.
>> SMITH: But with this device,
they really perfected it pretty
well.
We always were
trying to find out,
wow, there must be some
dimension somewhere
where someone's sitting there,
maybe an extraterrestrial,
and a big wad of fat
comes down and hits them
in the face or some toxins.
>> GEORGE: [LAUGHS]
>> SMITH: Someone just
dumps a bucket of something.
So it's not perfected
yet, because they're still
trying to find out,
well, where does that go?
Where did the tumor go?
Where did the cancer
go, the cells?
Where did these viruses go?
>> GEORGE: So they're just gone.
>> SMITH: They're just gone.
>> GEORGE: How does it work
in terms of curing people?
>> SMITH: They're still
trying to figure it out.
And the best way I
could describe it is it
somehow attracts the
negative ionic components
of viruses, and
tumors, and also metals
that are not beneficial
for the body.
It latches on to them somehow
through this energy field
that's in there.
And it teletransports
those things out somewhere.
>> GEORGE: It sounds like it
also changes the bad cells.
Does it?
>> SMITH: I don't think
it changes the bad cells.
I'm pretty sure it
removes the bad cells.
But it upregulates the
frequency of the DNA.
And it also helps fight
infections and things
like this.
Usually, once you get out of
one of these devices, for me,
I could not sleep for three
days and be completely fine.
You have a great
urge to work out.
I think I ran the furthest
after having a treatment on one
of these devices, because
I used to jog a lot
and work out a lot.
And that was very noticeable.
And they said this would happen.
They said, you will have an
immense amount of energy,
and you will have an immense
amount of cognitive function.
And meditation was just amazing.
You can immediately
just close your eyes
and be anywhere you want,
if you were a good meditator
and you knew how to do just
regular meditation steps.
So it has amazing
functionality to the frequency
of the DNA of the cell and
the nucleolus of the cell
and also upregulating
those energies,
because it's all about keeping
your body at the right voltage.
And I think by removing
the contaminants out
of the body, which
affects your voltage,
it allows you to heal yourself.
>> GEORGE: Interesting.
>> SMITH: In our studies,
just with this one project--
and there's many projects
we'll talk about--
but with this specific
project, you're
really going in
there to get treated
for something, for an ailment.
>> GEORGE: OK.
>> SMITH: But what the
side effect is, is time.
>> GEORGE: Right.
>> SMITH: It's losing time.
>> GEORGE: You lose time.
But you don't age, right?
>> SMITH: Right.
Right.
And that's why all
these scientists
in this underground facility--
in New York, actually--
were so young,
and vibrant, and over
a hundred years of age.
And I remember working
on some things for them
just as a technician, listening
to their conversations,
and they were talking
like they knew Tesla.
And they had a lot of--
>> GEORGE: They probably did.
>> SMITH: I know.
And it was electrifying to know.
Wow.
I wish I really knew
exactly how old they were.
And this is a
civilian-owned device
that was made from naval
scientists that retired early.
>> GEORGE: And it must be so
perfected now, I would guess,
right?
>> SMITH: Well, I think
they're trying to do something.
I tried to contact
them a few years ago
to see if we could maybe
get this technology out
to the public.
And one of the head
scientists became ill,
and I have lost contact
with that group.
But we're still trying
to figure it out.
I think it's going
to resurface soon,
because the medical benefits
of this time traveling device
is unprecedented.
They were able to cure HIV
in 30 days, herpes in--
>> GEORGE: By being
in the device?
>> SMITH: Just by being in
the device three times a week.
>> GEORGE: Does it
cure everything?
>> SMITH: Well, I don't
know about everything.
Just the documentation
I've seen and heard
was with cancers, and
herpes, and HIV, STDs.
Because a lot of the--
>> GEORGE: Well, why do they
suppress all that stuff, Emery?
Why don't they bring
it to the public?
>> SMITH: Well, the FDA will
definitely not approve that
device, no matter how much
documentation they have.
>> GEORGE: Why?
>> SMITH: Well, you're
going up against big pharma,
the big moneymaker.
They need you to
take these pills.
They don't--
>> GEORGE: So you're saying
they don't want the cures.
>> SMITH: They do
not want the cures.
And I can attest to
that, being the inventor
of the first tabletop
stem cell concentrator
and submitting many
documents to the FDA
of helping paralyzed patients
and things like this.
And you could send in a thousand
studies of a new technology
that many scientists
have tried to do--
>> GEORGE: Of course.
>> SMITH: --here in
the United States--
>> GEORGE: And nothing happens.
>> SMITH: --and nothing happens.
They say, oh, well,
you need more data.
So they just keep leading
you on, leading you on
till you get so tired
and you run out of money.
Because most scientists
and smaller corporations
don't have that kind of capital
to keep testing, and testing,
and testing.
>> GEORGE: Emery, we've talked
about these scientists that you
would see through
this time device.
And you said they were
a hundred years old.
Where'd they come from?
And why were they so old?
>> SMITH: Well, it's not
when I was inside the device.
They're the ones who
invented this device.
And they were definitely
born on Earth.
They were all ex-military
scientists that retired--
>> GEORGE: May have
worked with Tesla.
>> SMITH: They obviously
had worked with Tesla,
the way I can hear them talking
behind the scenes and joking
around.
They were all in
excellent shape.
They were all over a
hundred years of age.
They were still aging.
They didn't get that
secret figured out yet.
But the fact that these people
in these compartmentalized
projects who have
been there forever--
by the way, these
are civilian-owned
compartmentalized
projects, but they are
ran by ex-military scientists.
>> GEORGE: Emery,
how advanced are we,
in your opinion and
based on things you saw,
is our time travel program?
How advanced is it?
>> SMITH: Well,
they can do it, OK?
It's not that
effective, such as--
I would probably
say a recent offer
I got to come back to a project
because the entire team had
passed away during one of the
missions, and it has a very--
>> GEORGE: They died?
>> SMITH: The mortality
rate, it's not that great.
So--
>> GEORGE: Something happened
during the experiment?
>> SMITH: Something happened.
And these were people I had
known for 20 years or more.
>> GEORGE: You seem a little
emotional talking about this.
>> SMITH: Well, they were
very close friends of mine
in the projects.
I have not talked
to them in forever.
But when I was notified of this
position, first thing I asked
was, well, how is
commander so-and-so,
how is this person,
how is that person?
And they said, well,
there was an incident.
>> GEORGE: Oh, jeez.
>> SMITH: And then I knew.
And they just said,
that's why we want you.
And so just like
an astronaut that
goes up to space to risk
his life or to the moon--
>> GEORGE: And they go there
knowing they may not come back.
>> SMITH: They go there knowing
that you might have just a 70%
chance of survival.
There is these
numbers and ratios
that scientists come up with.
So it's not worth
me right now getting
involved with these projects
anymore because it's
too dangerous because
of everything I'm
trying to get out to the world.
But at the same time, it's
good to know that they're still
working on these
projects to help figure
out the physics behind
them and the science.
And a lot of these projects
have mission-oriented goals
for time travel.
One of the missions I had
been on as a young sergeant
was to go through these types of
portals and time travel devices
to just collect certain amount
of rocks, and dirt, and flora,
and fauna.
>> GEORGE: From the past
and the future, I guess.
>> SMITH: Right.
And I don't know where
exactly I was on the planet
or even if I was on this planet.
And we would only be gone--
it was always a specific
15 minutes in and out.
But as we'd get back, we'd
be gone three or four hours
in real time, at this time.
So--
>> GEORGE: In real--
but when you came back,
how much time had gone by?
>> SMITH: Three or four hours.
>> GEORGE: Three or four.
>> SMITH: I was only
gone 15 minutes.
>> GEORGE: Oh, OK.
>> SMITH: And then everyone
gets pulled out, and--
>> GEORGE: That's not too long.
It's not like you came back and
40 years had gone by, right?
>> SMITH: No.
Correct.
But I know space travel--
this is where it gets
into the big time thing,
with the further you
go away from the Earth,
that you're losing
time because time here
is speeding up as you're not.
>> GEORGE: Correct.
>> SMITH: Yep.
>> GEORGE: Emery, these
missions are not very long--
10 to 15 minutes at a burst.
What are they doing
with these missions?
What happens?
>> SMITH: Well, like I said,
each mission is different.
One of the few
missions I was on was
to go there and collect some
plant life, and some rocks,
and some soil material.
>> GEORGE: To get
in, to get out.
>> SMITH: And to
get in and get out.
One of the cool things that had
happened on one of the missions
is they had this giant leaf,
almost three feet in diameter,
like a vine leaf.
And it was
bullet-proof, this leaf.
>> GEORGE: Bullet-proof?
>> SMITH: Bullet-proof.
The actual leaf--
>> GEORGE: It was that strong.
>> SMITH: It wasn't thick at
all, but it was that strong.
And a lot of these
reverse technologies now
you see here today come from
these amazing excursions
into time and through
these portals.
And one of the latest
things that has just
been published in the last two
weeks was they took a plant,
and they removed all
of its inner contents
and just left the cellulose
material of that plant
clear as a bell.
And they were able to
inject into this plant,
into the veins, liquid.
And it's the same type of
vessels, the way it's laid out,
as we have in our own body.
>> GEORGE: Remarkable.
Have you traveled in
time backward in time
and forward in time?
>> SMITH: I don't know if I was
traveling backward or forward,
because I was never around
people or any types of--
anything that I could tell
that it was Earth, known--
>> GEORGE: It's not like you
could look at a calendar that
said 1804 or
something like that.
>> SMITH: It wasn't like
what's-his-name on "Back
to the Future" where he
could type something in.
>> GEORGE: Michael J. Fox, yeah.
>> SMITH: Yeah.
You can't-- it's not
like that at all.
It's a great concept.
But we haven't perfected it,
that they want to go back
at this specific time.
I think they're
experimenting, that they
know people are losing time.
And because they can take some
sort of electronics with them
now, which they weren't
able to do in the past,
and see that hey, we've
only been gone 15 minutes,
but we get back, and
it's been four hours.
What is that about?
I don't know the physics
behind that to explain it.
>> GEORGE: Did anything ever
go wrong with you when you were
doing this?
>> SMITH: Not me personally,
but there was one person
on our team for some reason did
not come back through the time
continuum device.
And I don't know what
happened to them.
This happens sometimes.
There's a fine line
when you're walking
in through these devices
within four to six feet.
And if you go off of
that line, you're gone.
So you have to--
there's a lot of protocols
involving getting
through one of these devices.
>> GEORGE: When you arrive
at a destiny in time,
do you go through a portal?
>> SMITH: Oh, that's a
good-- that's a great--
>> GEORGE: Is that
what it looks like?
>> SMITH: Yeah,
it's like a veil.
And it's not like you
see in these movies,
where there's this giant star
gate with all these flashing
lights.
It really is a clear,
blurry veil, just a veil
like a curtain in front of you.
And I can see right
through it and see you.
Like, if the veil was in front
of me, I could still see you,
but it's a blur.
It's like a blurry--
like a Plexiglas
you're looking through.
And soon as you walk through
it, you're not there anymore.
You're at your destination.
>> GEORGE: Poof!
You're gone.
>> SMITH: Or you're gone.
>> GEORGE: So how
do you come back?
>> SMITH: Yeah.
Well, you just turn
around, and at that spot
is the special spot to get
back, whether it be at a site
somewhere.
>> GEORGE: OK.
>> SMITH: Usually, a lot
of these things are already
of earthly origin, meaning like
a Stonehenge-type formation.
The mechanical ones
look like they're metal.
They look like a
picture frame, actually.
>> GEORGE: What if you get lost
and you can't find that spot?
>> SMITH: Well, that's why these
missions are limited to about
15 minutes, and they
only go to certain areas.
So you really can't run
too far in 15 minutes.
>> GEORGE: OK.
No, you can't go far.
>> SMITH: And you
might be in a desert.
You might be in a tropical zone.
You might be in an arctic zone.
It just depends on
what the mission is.
And all the missions
I've been on,
they've already had
people go on these.
So we had videos and pictures.
And we knew what type of flora
and fauna we were looking at
and what to collect as far as
crystals, and rocks, and things
like this.
>> GEORGE: Who's
behind these programs,
these time travel programs?
>> SMITH: There's 300 major
corporations that run this
planet.
And these corporations, a
very small handful of them
are involved with the highest
tech stuff that's out there.
So I believe that
it's them that have
conquered this type of stuff.
They have also conquered
reverse engineering a lot
of the extraterrestrial craft,
creating interdimensional craft
that can go interdimensionally,
which also is a time travel
type of thing.
>> GEORGE: Are they
still doing this?
And if they are, how
advanced are they now?
>> SMITH: Well, as
of six months ago,
when I was offered
this position,
they're still doing it.
So we know it's
still a hot item.
They're still trying to
work out the quirks of it.
That's the problem.
Because if you don't know
the physics behind this,
you could cause a lot of damage.
And you can also bring back
things that are not safe.
>> GEORGE: Aren't you
concerned for yourself, Emery?
I mean you're
talking about things
that are supposed to be
covert, I would assume,
that are supposed to be secret.
And you're risking a lot coming
forward talking about this.
Do you look over your
shoulder sometimes?
>> SMITH: Yeah, I'm always
on high alert, of course.
The attacks have slowed
down significantly
ever since I stopped teaching
about the zero-point energy
devices and stopped really
talking and inventing
new cellular devices
that help you heal.
Since I've already have patents
and all these things behind me,
and it's a general public
about my free energy lab
I used to run--
also, the devices
that I invented
there have been turned
over to other corporations,
that I have given them
and still helping them
develop it and perfect it.
It is a very scary thing.
It was.
I mean, the reason the head-on
collision happened to me
was because I was transporting
a zero-point energy
device after it was validated.
So I think that being said
and coming forward in November
with a lot of this
information, I
think it was the protection
of the general public
and people knowing, hey,
now if they kill me,
I'm going to look like a martyr.
>> GEORGE: Oh, no
question about it.
>> SMITH: It's just
going to be horrible.
Everyone's definitely
going to know now.
And recently, we
were gathering up
about a few hundred
documents that
had been left over from my
house being raided that we're
going to show to the public.
>> GEORGE: That's what they
did to Tesla when he died, too,
same thing.
>> SMITH: Yeah.
But I'm doing it ahead
of time, hopefully.
>> GEORGE: Emery, tell me
specifically about this
accident.
What actually happened?
>> SMITH: Well, for many
months in California,
I was working at an undisclosed
location facility that was
helping me validate a system.
We were able to validate
the system properly.
So right after that,
after an agreement
was made for an exchange of
other technologies for them
to validate the system, I put it
in the back of the Range Rover
and headed down the
mountain, I'll say.
>> GEORGE: Aha.
>> SMITH: And someone came
out from around the corner--
>> GEORGE: Intentionally?
>> SMITH: Intentionally,
with a long--
we had a lot of time to think
about what was going to happen.
But there's a canyon wall on
the right with just 3 feet.
>> GEORGE: Oh, jeez.
>> SMITH: And this person was
not going to get back in his
lane.
So I just had a
moment-- second to turn.
And it was a very
vicious head-on collision
of over 55 miles an hour.
>> GEORGE: Oh!
You're lucky you're still here.
My gosh.
>> SMITH: Yeah.
Yeah, my hand went
through the side window.
And I had a concussion.
Lots of lacerations, of course.
With any type of a
head-on collision,
you're pretty sore
for quite a while.
So I was out of work
for about three weeks
and really couldn't do much.
The thing was the
device was spared,
thank goodness, and was
immediately transported
to a safe place by another
investor and a security
team that was helping
me out at that time.
And now it's in a very
safe place, in safe hands.
>> GEORGE: OK.
>> SMITH: And the
information with that,
it's a very fantastic thing,
because they're going to come
out next year, hopefully
maybe March, April,
and show the public my device
and what we have done with
this--
>> GEORGE: That'll
be fascinating.
>> SMITH: --to help the world
in a safe and effective way.
Because I'm not out there
teaching anyone how to do this,
like the Bedini brothers were.
And that's why
they got taken out.
And these are two
other scientists
that were trying to help get
these energy devices out.
But I was visited a very
long time ago by the suits,
and they said, we know
what you're doing.
We don't care.
Don't sell it.
Don't teach people how to do it.
And don't hook it
up to the grid.
>> GEORGE: And you'll be OK.
>> SMITH: And you'll be fine.
So I--
>> GEORGE: Do any one of
those three, then look out.
>> SMITH: I've never done that.
So I've been very adamant.
>> GEORGE: What other countries
are involved in time travel?
It can't be just us.
>> SMITH: The only ones I
can verify is Germany, China,
United States of America,
and a couple of facilities
in Australia are trying to
duplicate that that I know
of first- and
second-hand information.
There might be others--
maybe Brazil, maybe England--
but I'm not aware of it.
>> GEORGE: I've always wondered
if there are time travelers
roaming around this planet
right now from the future.
What do you think?
>> SMITH: It's a possibility.
It's possible.
Anything is possible when
it comes to time travel.
It's just finding out
through these time travelers
and people-- because
I know there's
a lot of stories out there,
a lot of things going on.
And we don't have agents that
go out through these things,
like Terminator, and go back and
kill so-and-so's son so there's
not this president born.
It just doesn't work that way.
If something like
that were to happen,
it would be on another timeline.
>> GEORGE: But don't
they go back, Emery,
and try to manipulate time?
So how do we know that events
that are happening right now--
right now-- the
president's meeting
with North Korea and
things like that--
how do we know that
they weren't manipulated
by some kind of time event?
>> SMITH: Right.
One of the opinions
out there and one
of the hypothetical hypothesis
is that you would not know,
because, like I was
telling you earlier,
if someone were to
go change something,
it would not even
be in your memory.
And that's why I
think this may--
and this is just
my educated guess--
that this is probably happening,
and we wouldn't even know,
that because of
the field of energy
that we're all connected
to, if something
were to change in time, that
you would already be programmed
to believe that never happened.
Or that when something
changes and not everyone gets
the change is what
I'm getting at.
So people are
starting to remember.
People are starting to be
elevated in their own force
field to realize, wait a
second, I'm figuring this out,
because they're having this
residual memory attached
to the endless field.
>> GEORGE: What would
the motivation be, Emery,
of manipulating the timeline?
Why would they want to
change things like that?
>> SMITH: The megalomaniacs
that run this planet have all
the money in the world.
They have everything
they could ever want.
And I think it is some
sort of disease they have--
>> GEORGE: A game?
>> SMITH: --that they're
addicted to the secret control
factor, not only controlling
the mass population,
but secretly controlling certain
aspects of what can happen
or what could happen if
they changed something.
So it's a control factor, I
believe, that they may have,
that they get high off
this type of thing,
releasing their own excitement
of adrenaline and dopamine
in their brain when they
accomplish secret control
over an individual or over
a greater population, which
includes death as well.
>> GEORGE: It's a
power play, isn't it?
>> SMITH: Yes.
>> GEORGE: The deep state--
we hear so much about the deep
state.
Were you involved with them?
>> SMITH: No.
>> GEORGE: You were not.
>> GEORGE: I'm trying to find
an Emery Smith that may be
involved in covert things.
But that's not you.
>> SMITH: Well, of course, I was
involved with a lot of covert
things.
But I don't use the pop
culture term "deep state."
When I was an active
duty member and also
a contract member
of corporations,
I was never doing
anything that was negative
or anything like that.
So the deep state, I stay
away from that kind of term,
because for many
of my colleagues
and military veteran
people who have
been on lots of secret
missions and things like this,
we don't think of it that
way, in agents, and spies,
and things like this.
We have a job, and
we're supposed to do it.
And most of the time
you don't know really
why you're doing it.
And that's one of the reasons
I got away from all that,
because it's
upsetting if you knew
you were a part of
something that maybe was
negative towards a person or--
>> GEORGE: Oh, absolutely.
Especially when
you're a good person.
>> SMITH: Yeah, to the
person or to the planet.
But to my knowledge,
I'm not aware of any
of that in my career.
>> GEORGE: Do you remember
the original movie "The Time
Machine," where the professor
invented a time device,
and he sat in it?
In this particular case, the
apparatus to create time travel
creates these portals.
But you don't physically need to
take a device with you, do you?
>> SMITH: Well, no, because
the device is already there.
And I'm glad you
brought this up--
>> GEORGE: And it
stays there, right?
>> SMITH: Right.
It stays there in the
field, in its own field.
And one of the
first times we got
one of these overunity
zero-point energy devices going
in the lab, this sphere
formed about 10 or 15 feet
around the device.
And myself and the scientists
were in this sphere.
And I just remember looking
through this liquid sphere
as we're inside a hollow sphere.
But it's like a liquid.
>> GEORGE: Like a bubble?
>> SMITH: Like a bubble.
And we could see different
times of the planet.
I mean, we saw dinosaurs.
We saw beings.
>> GEORGE: Wow!
>> SMITH: We saw beings
and things through this,
like a window.
Wherever you would look,
you could see this.
And it was so captivating.
It was only for a
brief 15 seconds.
But it was like, wow.
We just opened some sort
of time rift or something.
And we're actually
viewing the planet
right now as it was millions,
and millions, and millions
of years ago.
>> GEORGE: What a sight!
What a sight.
With time travel, is there
that possibility that--
because I think of it
also as teleportation.
Do they send you
to another planet?
And if they do, what if you
appear without a breathing
device or something?
What happens to you?
>> SMITH: That's
a great question.
And what they do
is they send drones
through these thousands
of times before they
send a human being through.
And some of these are
programmed life forms.
Some of these are mechanical
drones with cameras on them.
And they go through
these, and they come back.
And we have actual
recordings of everything.
Also, it's like
sending a satellite
or sending the probe to Mars to
analyze the atmosphere and all
these things.
And you're right.
You've got to be careful where
you're going to be going into.
And it has to do also with
the ley lines of the planet
and how the stars are aligned
at that time for these portals
to actually operate
correctly and also
to make it safe for these
people to go through.
>> GEORGE: How fascinating.
It really is.
Are you familiar
with Jason Rice?
>> SMITH: No.
>> GEORGE: I interviewed
him on "Beyond Belief,"
and he will be appearing on
future episodes of "Cosmic
Disclosure."
Gaia had cameras rolling
when he underwent
hypnosis and a polygraph test--
really remarkable stuff.
>> SMITH: Amazing.
I can't wait to hear.
>> GEORGE: Emery, thanks.
I really appreciate you
being on "Cosmic Disclosure."
>> SMITH: George, thanks
for having me again.
I really appreciate it.
>> GEORGE: Thank
you for watching.
>> Coming this season
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
where people share their
clandestine involvement with
government agencies,
the military,
and secret space programs--
>> SMITH: I know the satellites
that can project something
right here with a shadow
and reflect light.
And you will honest-to-God
think that's real.
>> GEORGE: There's a UFO,
and it's not even there.
>> SMITH: Exactly.
>> Have you ever killed
an extraterrestrial being?
>> Yes.
>> SMITH: They were turning
a human into some sort
of interdimensional
communications device.
>> They are very interested
in some of our DNA.
[THEME MUSIC]